docs: Add CLI docs for 0.16.1 and 0.17.0 (#1300)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.x/reference/cli/commands/keptn_upgrade.md

The Keptn CLI allows upgrading Keptn on any Kubernetes derivative to which your kube config is pointing to, and on OpenShift.

> For more information, please follow the installation guide [Upgrade Keptn](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.16.x/operate/upgrade/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please follow the installation guide [Upgrade Keptn](https://keptn.sh/docs/install/upgrade/)
```
